KCC production presents sneaky spy
yeah Martha I'll be home as soon as
possible you know they got me working
here late so yeah yeah yeah wait
somebody's here I am sneaky you cannot
see me I'm sneaky yeah Oh God hey are
you okay yeah you can't see me I'm
sneaky okay note to self I have
infiltrated the cubicle and will
retrieve the TV sneaky sneaky sneak away
sneak sneak well whatever okay I can
spot it huh sneaky sneaky sneaky okay
yeah you dropped something hey hey okay
what the hell is going on here uh-huh
they cannot see me I am sneaky attack
sneak sneak ah attack okay i have
infiltrated to the TV I shall take it
wait hey pissed well I'm off my shift
all right hey guys I'm gonna go get my
stuff out of my locker um yeah oh hey
who left all this crap in my locker this
is really this is ah whatever I really
got to go to the bathroom okay all right
all right come on hurry up real I go
okay go gotta go hurry up right what
that's it here move it excuse me out of
my way move it I get out of it hurry
hurry up hurry up or y'all come on oh
there's all yours you can have it oh
thank you thank you thank you thank you
so much better yes it's all yours man no
finally God oh what's that smell okay
it's all over the walls oh it's clogged
it's overflowing it's everywhere Oh God
okay
you